# Hello-world

🚀Blast off with Rocket Propulsion Labs’ Rolling Fund!

Have digital health, fintech, and insurtech startups in your portfolio?

These three sectors are essential, massive contributors to GDP, ripe for digital disruption and are must-haves for the sophisticated LP’s portfolio.

Hello, I’m Israel Rollins, a proud 2x HBCU and Harvard grad and Founder/GP of Rocket Propulsion Labs. I’ve spent my entire professional career leading, building, inventing, and investing in these three industries.

I know them like the back of my hand.

I have found an often-overlooked opportunity for excess returns lying at the intersection of these sectors. It’s here where I'll focus my investment activities, full-time.

I’ve established this rolling fund vehicle to fund my seed stage venture capital investments. This is a model where you subscribe to my fund with a quarterly capital commitment. 

Unlike a traditional fund’s inflexibility, you benefit from the rolling fund’s flexibility that allows you to change your commitment amount every quarter, raising or lowering it for future investments based upon your desired risk exposure.

I benefit by raising capital incrementally, one investor at a time, rather than having to do a one-time, large fundraise and then lock the fund LPs in for several years. This allows me to deploy capital into great deals almost immediately.

For those investors new to the venture asset class (and old hands, alike) the rolling fund platform offers an opportunity for venture returns in a low-drag, nearly frictionless subscription basis. 

Personally, this presents an opportunity to showcase my skills as an investor and more importantly, to give back by paying it forward. Rocket Propulsion Labs is a signatory of the Diversity Rider Program where diverse fund managers like myself invest alongside top tier VCs committed to cap table diversity such as Greycroft Capital, First Round Capital, Maveron, SVB Capital, Home Brew, Primary Venture Partners, Fika Ventures, and others. 

And, as a check writer, I am fully committed to investing in black and other underrepresented founders including LatinX, women, and LGBTQ+.

Rocket Propulsion Labs Fund Overview
Rocket Propulsion Labs will invest in digital health, fintech, and insurtech startups at the pre-seed, seed, and Series A stages with valuations of less than $100M and at a pace of 5 to 7 investments per quarter. Most of our investments will be in the $50K - $500K range. 

Digital Health
Investments focused on startups tackling challenges in hospital and payer administration, accelerating drug research and development, advancing telemedicine, adding resilience to pharma supply chains, reducing health disparities, and creating digital-first care models, etc. 

Fintech
Investments focused on startups building powerful digital tools to speed money transfer, automate regulatory compliance, launch new digital financial products, improve pricing transparency, etc. 

Insurtech
Investments focused on startups creating next-gen health & benefits plans, streamlining comparison and distribution, launching digital risk products, powering wearables, accelerating underwriting, etc. 

Exit Opportunities
There are strong market signals that the digital health, fintech, and insurtech markets are beginning to mature as venture-backed companies like Lemonade, Rocket Companies, Amwell, Accolade, nCino, and Fusion Acquisition are preparing IPOs and SPACs that will pave the way for the next wave of tech startups to exploit these exit opportunities.

Invest in Rocket Propulsion Labs’ Rolling Fund!
I invite you to review the details about the rolling fund, my background, my sustainable competitive advantages for access to deal flow, deals in the pipeline, investment strategy and thesis, approach to portfolio construction, fee structure, minimum subscription amounts, value add to founders, and other bits.🚀

Click here => Rocket Propulsion Labs AngelList Fund Site

Israel Rollins
Founder/GP
Rocket Propulsion Labs
E: israel@rplabs.co
